  What is the difference between ‘Murica.org and other crowdfunding platforms?
Other crowdfunding websites take a commission rate of up to 25% of the total funds raised for projects. Many websites don’t allow donors to see where the funds are going or how it is being used. The ‘Murica Group believes the money being raised by the American people belong to those who really need it. Because of this, we take 0 fees from any funds being raised. We believe in transparency; all transactions can be tracked via blockchain technology. Additionally, we will donate additional MURC coins to projects we feel meet the criteria of what it means to be a true ‘Murican.
 
·       What is a Smart Contract?
A smart contract, also known as a crypto contract, is a computer program that directly controls the transfer of digital currencies or assets between parties under certain conditions. ... These contracts are stored on blockchain technology, a decentralized ledger that also underpins bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
·       What is an alternative currency?
Generally, they project themselves as better substitutes to Bitcoin. The success of Bitcoin as the first peer-to-peer digital currency paved the way for many to follow. Many altcoins are trying to target any perceived limitations that Bitcoin has and come up with newer versions with competitive advantages. There is a great variety of altcoins.
·       What is Cryptocurrency?
a digital currency in which encryption techniques are used to regulate the generation of units of currency and verify the transfer of funds, operating independently of a central bank.
"decentralized cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin now provide an outlet for personal wealth that is beyond restriction and confiscation"
·       Which Wallet can I use to store ‘Murica Coins?
At the moment all ‘Murica Coins can be stored on the Ethereum wallet. We will update users on when the ‘Murica wallet will be opened.
·       What’s the value of 1 ‘Murica Coin?
The value of 1 ‘Murica Coin is dependent on you the people. We believe ‘Murica Coin should be valued as a top 5 Cryptocurrency. We have the intentions of making this coin as great as our country. If we work together as a community, we can give the ‘Murica Coin the value it deserves.
·       How to buy MURC?
MURC can be purchased directly on our supporting exchanges
·       What is MURC?
MURC is the ticker symbol of ‘Murica Coins
·       How to sell MURC?
Murc can be sold directly on our supporting exchanges
·       What do I need an account for?
Create crowdfunding campaign
Submit your favorite ‘Murica MEMES
To contact the ‘Murica Support team
·       What can I do with my MURC?
Support fellow ‘Muricans with their crowdfunding campaigns.
Vote for your favorite MEMES and Crowdfunding campaigns.
Trade your MURC on the various exchanges we are listed on.
·       What information I provide will be public?
Your first name followed by your username.
·       What projects are supported on the crowdfunding page?
Any project that supports fellow Americans in times of distress, projects to protect our built environment, and projects supporting ‘Murican entrepreneurs.
·       How can I be sure that the MURC I send will be spent for the right reasons?
All transactions take place on the Ethereum Blockchain network allowing participants to see exactly where funding is going.
·       What currencies can I use to fund projects?
The only currency that can be supported on our website is ‘Murica Coins
·       What’s the purpose of the Memes?
This is a great opportunity for fellow ‘Muricans to demonstrate their creativity and love of Memes and ‘Murica.
·       How do I get free MURC?
The two ways to get free MURC is by winning the MEME competitions and creating a campaign that we believe embodies what it truly means to be part of the ‘Murica community.
·       How do I create a campaign?
You must first be registered on our website afterward you are required to provide a description of your campaign, a set goal, and photos of what your project is. The more detailed you are the better chance you have of raising the desired funds you seek. Additionally, you will be required to link an Ethereum wallet address where donors can see where the funds are going.
·       What do I do after the campaign is created?
After a campaign is created you sit back and trust your fellow ‘Muricans to help fund your project.
·       How does the ‘Murica Group distribute the 500,000 bonus MURC coins?
The ‘Murica Group will donate the bonus coins to the projects we feel meet the criteria of what it means to be a true ‘Murican.
·   	How do I submit my MEME to the 'Murica group
MEMES can be directly emailed to Muricacoin@usa.com
·       Who determines the Winner of the MEME competitions?
The community will be able to vote on their favorite MEMES determining the winner of the competition each month.
·       Are there any restrictions on what kind of MEMES I can post?
MEMES must meet the criteria of ‘Murica MEMES, postings should be creative and original.
·       What is ‘Murica Coin?
‘Murica Coin is an Ethereum blockchain ERC20-Token, ‘Murica Coin goes by the symbol of “MURC”
·       What is the purpose of ‘Murica Coin?
The purpose of our cryptocurrency ‘Murica Coin (MURC) is to serve the American people while promoting the American culture. By supporting ‘Murica Coin you are demonstrating nationalism, patriotism, and allegiance to the United States of America.
·       How do I purchase ‘Murica Coin?
‘Murica Coins can be purchased directly on third-party exchanges.
·       Can ‘Murica Coin be purchased directly from Murica.org?
Unfortunately, not at this moment.
·   	What kind of 'Murica Coin wallets are available?
‘Murica Coins are only supported on the Ethereum wallet. We are actively working on creating private wallets to support ‘Murica Coins
·       What is the best way to get technical support from the ‘Murica Group?
If you have any questions, please message us directly on our support blog found on our website Murica.org
