PURPOSE:

The purpose of ‘Murica Coin (MURC) is to serve the American people while promoting the American culture. By supporting ‘Murica Coin you are demonstrating nationalism, patriotism, and allegiance to the United States of America. With ‘Murica Coin you as the token holder will be able to create and support fellow American projects. Projects can include anything to support fellow Americans either in times of distress or a fellow American chasing the American dream. The advantage of creating projects via ‘Murica Coin is that there are 0 fees to both the sender and recipient of the token. Additionally, we will personally distribute a total of 500,000 ‘Murica Coins to various projects we feel meet the expectation of “I’m proud to be an American”. The second facet of our coin is the American culture, with our coin we will promote various ‘Murica Memes where people can enjoy and submit their own viral images of ‘Murica memes. We will actively be hosting competitions where people can submit their favorites Memes where the winners will be granted prizes in the form of ‘Murica Coins. From there Token holders can donate coins to worthy projects to help another fellow American. Additionally, token holders can invest their tokens on supporting trading platform.   


SPECIFICATION:

‘Murica Coin is an Ethereum blockchain ERC20-Token,
'Murica Coin goes by the symbol of “MURC” we have created 17,760,000 tokens (number symbolizes the year 1776.)
‘Murica Coin runs a total of 18 decimal places.

 

Advantages of ‘Murica Coin:

0 trading fees for both the sender and recipient of ‘Murica Coin   
Various competitions where applicants can show off their creative ‘Murican pride to win great prizes!
Showing off creative capability of creating the best ‘Murica memes
The ability to truly help our community through our crowdfunding page
Decentralized currency with expedited transaction rates
Ability to invest in up and coming projects on American soil
Social, Economic, and Environmental benefit                                                                                                
Disadvantages of ‘Murica Coin:
You have been deprived of investing in ‘Murica Coin till now!



We are working diligently with exchanges and plan to be on all of them as soon as we can!
