To raise money

for either a Social, Environmental, or Economic cause you will first be required to create an account on the ‘Murica.org website. After your account is created you will be asked to create a posting as to what you are seeking funding from your fellow ‘Muricans. For best results, we suggest adding a detailed description with photos as to what you are seeking funding for. Our goal is to help those who really need it while building up our beautiful country from the ground up.

How to Help

Token holders will disburse ‘Murica Coins to projects they deem worthy of investment. Token holders can donate tokens to worthy causes they seem can help fellow ‘Muricans. Additionally, token holders can invest in ‘Murican projects where they can support ‘Murican business grow and succeed.

Social:

With our social platform, we will be able to support fellow Americans in times of distress. Those Americans who lost loved ones, Americans who have lost their job and are struggling to pay their bills, Natural disasters causing pain and hardships on our friends and families. We all either know someone or have been ourselves through hardships, this is the opportunity where we can gather as a community to really help one another. "We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone."


Benefits of our crowdfunding platform

You see exactly where your money is going to and what positive impact you are bringing

0 fees for both sender and recipient

Instantaneous transactions via the Ethereum blockchain network

Additional donations from the team of ‘Murica Coin

Blockchain transparency via ERC20- Tokens smart contract

Economic:

With our Economic platform, we want the American Entrepreneur to chase that ‘Murican dream! We are firm believers that as ‘Muricans the sky is the limit and we can do anything we put our minds to. Many of us have goals and aspirations to do great things in our lifetime. Unfortunately, those goals and aspirations remain dreams because we don’t know where to start. With our economic platform, we want to change those dreams into a reality. We encourage those dreamers to take the leap of faith to source funding from the ‘Murican people who will make all of our dreams come true. "Alone we can do so little; Together we can do so much." 

Environmental:

With our Environmental, we will be able to support foundations that protect our built environment. Donations will go to charities that work on diminishing global warming, creating sustainable placemaking communities, and preserving the beautiful land that we call home. We are not promising we will save the world from global warming but what we are striving for is to make a positive impact on future generations to come. "We are the change"

Monthly polls

 

Every month we will feature a select few crowdfunding listings we believe embrace the ideology of what it means to be a true ‘Murican. Token holders will be able to vote on which listing they believe truly stands behind the ‘Murican culture. Each vote will cost token holder .5 MURC giving token holders the ability to cast as many votes as they desire. At the end of the voting period, the listing that received the most votes will receive all the tokens to there attached wallet.
